---
layout: post
title: 信号传输与调制
---




> <div align="center"> <img src="https://v2.jinrishici.com/one.svg" /> </div>




本页浏览次数：
![ViewCount](https://count.getloli.com/get/@safasdlkfsjaasdfas)


<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?lines=今天你躺平了吗(bushi&center=true&size=27" />
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?lines=题库背完了吗(迫真)&center=true&size=27" />



## 第一个题型: source coding

## (1) What does source coding mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Source coding means transmission-suited (and least-effort) representation of the
message.

It aims to compress data rate by reducing redundancy for efficient transmission
and storage.

**(2) How imagine the Shannon-Weaver model? Where in his model is source coding
located?**

The Shannon-Weaver model is a mathematical theory that describes the process of
telecommunication. It involves three basic elements: an information source, a
transmitter (encoder), and a receiver (decoder), which communicate through a
channel affected by noise. The model visualizes the transmission of a message
from a source to a destination using various types of media.

Source coding, or encoding, is located in the transmitter element of the model.

## (3). What is the input to source coding, what is the output?

Input is the source signal; output is the compressed code.

## (4). Redundancy -- source coding fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

To reduce data rate for efficient transmission and storage.

## (5). What does receiver do for source decoding?

inverse source encoding, offers the destination a decoding scheme (比如 data
decompression)

## (6). 画Shannon-Weaver模型

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

## 第二个题型: channel encoding

## (1) What does channel encoding mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Channel encoding refers to the process of adding redundancy to data signals
before transmission to protect against errors caused by channel noise. It is
necessary to improve the reliability of data transmission in noisy environments.
The objectives of channel encoding are to increase the bit error rate (BER) and
minimize signal distortion.

## (2). What is the input to channel encoding, what is the output?

Input to channel encoding is the source data signal, output is the encoded
signal with added redundancy.

## (3). Redundancy -- channel encoding fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

Redundancy is added to the data signal to enable the receiver to detect and
correct errors caused by channel noise. By reducing redundancy, channel coding
improves transmission efficiency without sacrificing the reliability of data
transmission.

## (4). What does receiver do for channel decoding?

inverse channel encoding, error detection or correction (比如 retransmission
request when indicated)

## 第三个题型: line encoding/modulation

## (1) What does line encoding/modulation mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Line encoding/modulation refers to the process of converting digital data into
analog signals suitable for transmission over a communication channel. It is
necessary to enable reliable and efficient communication over long distances.
The objectives of line encoding/modulation are to maximize signal quality and
minimize distortion during transmission.

## (2). What is the input to line encoding/modulation, what is the output?

Input to line encoding/modulation is digital data, output is analog signal.

## (3). Redundancy -- line encoding/modulation fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

By minimizing redundancy in the transmitted signal, line encoding/modulation
maximizes the efficiency of signal transmission over the channel. This is done
while still maintaining appropriate signal quality for reliable data
transmission.

## (4). What does receiver do for line decoding/demodulation?

Extraction of the information-bearing signal from the modulated carrier signal.
(比如filtering, echo cancelation)

## 第四个题型: modulation

## (1) What does modulation mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Modulation refers to the process of modifying a high-frequency carrier signal to
carry information by varying its amplitude, frequency, or phase. It is necessary
to enable communication over long distances and through different media. The
objectives of modulation are to maximize the data rate, minimize interference,
and improve signal quality.

## (2). What is the input to modulation, what is the output?

Input to modulation is the baseband signal carrying the information, output is
the modulated carrier signal.

## (3). Redundancy -- modulation fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

Redundancy is minimized in the modulated carrier signal to maximize the
efficiency of information transmission while avoiding interference from other
signals in the same frequency band. This is achieved by encoding the information
onto the carrier signal in such a way as to occupy the minimum required
bandwidth and avoid overlap with other signals.

## 第五个题型: encode

## (1) What does encode mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Encoding refers to the process of converting data into a specific format for
efficient transmission, storage, or processing. It is necessary to optimize the
use of resources and improve compatibility across different systems. The
objectives of encoding are to ensure accuracy, maximize data compression, and
enable efficient data processing.

## (2). What is the input to encode, what is the output?

Input to encoding is the raw data, output is the encoded data in a specific
format.

## (3). Redundancy -- encode fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

Redundancy is reduced in encoded data to minimize the amount of data that needs
to be transmitted or stored while maintaining the desired level of accuracy.
This is done by assigning specific codes or symbols to frequently occurring
patterns in the data, thereby reducing the number of bits required to represent
them.

## 第六个题型: angle modulation

## (1) What does angle modulation mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Angle modulation refers to the process of modulating a high-frequency sinusoidal
carrier signal by varying its frequency or phase in proportion to the modulating
signal. It is necessary to enable efficient transmission of information with
high spectral efficiency and low distortion. The objectives of angle modulation
are to maximize the data rate, minimize interference, and improve signal
quality.

## (2). What is the input to angle modulation, what is the output?

Input to angle modulation is the modulating signal, output is the modulated
carrier signal with varying frequency or phase.

## (3). Redundancy -- angle modulation fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

Redundancy is minimized in angle modulation to maximize the spectral efficiency
and minimize interference from other signals in the same frequency band. This is
achieved by encoding the information onto the carrier signal in such a way as to
occupy the least possible bandwidth while avoiding overlap with other signals.
The resulting signal has a high information content and low distortion, making
it suitable for high-quality transmission of audio, video, and data.

## 第七个题型: amplitude modulation

## (1) What does amplitude modulation mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Amplitude modulation refers to the process of modulating a high-frequency
sinusoidal carrier signal by varying its amplitude in proportion to the
modulating signal. It is necessary to enable efficient transmission of
information with high power efficiency and compatibility across different
systems. The objectives of amplitude modulation are to maximize the data rate,
minimize interference, and improve signal quality.

## (2). What is the input to amplitude modulation, what is the output?

Input to amplitude modulation is the modulating signal, output is the modulated
carrier signal with varying amplitude.

## (3). Redundancy – amplitude modulation fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

Redundancy is minimized in amplitude modulation to maximize power efficiency and
minimize interference from other signals in the same frequency band. This is
achieved by encoding the information onto the carrier signal in such a way as to
occupy the least possible bandwidth while avoiding overlap with other signals.
Minimizing redundancy also ensures that the modulated signal is compatible with
various demodulation techniques, making it suitable for wide usage in radio
communication.

## 第八个题型: Frequency modulation

## (1) What does frequency modulation mean? Why is it necessary? Please explain briefly. What are its objectives/goals?

Frequency modulation is a method of encoding information onto a carrier signal
by varying the frequency of the signal in proportion to the information being
sent. It is necessary because it allows for the efficient transmission of analog
signals such as voice and music over long distances, with less interference and
noise. The main objectives of frequency modulation are to achieve a high
signal-to-noise ratio and reduce distortion.

## . What is the input to frequency modulation, what is the output?

The input to frequency modulation is an analog signal, such as voice or music,
which must be modulated onto a higher frequency carrier wave. The output of
frequency modulation is a modulated waveform that varies in frequency according
to the input signal.

## (3). Redundancy – frequency modulation fries to reduce it. Why? Explain briefly.

Redundancy ref to irrelevant or unnecessary information in a communication
signal that can increase the amount of interference or noise. Frequency
modulation tries to reduce redundancy by using a limited frequency range for the
signal and reducing the strength of sidebands, which are additional frequency
components that result from the modulation process. This helps to ensure that
the transmission of useful information has a higher signal-to-noise ratio and
better quality.

## 计算题

## Given is a memoryless message source X, generating discrete-time integer signals. The support (the alphabet), the probabilities, and the code are given in the following table:

| Symbol      | A   | B   | C   | D    | E    |
|-------------|-----|-----|-----|------|------|
| Probability | 1/2 | 1/2 | 1/4 | 1/12 | 1/12 |
| Code        | 0   | 100 | 101 | 110  | 111  |
| Code length | 1   | 3   | 3   | 3    | 3    |

## (1). Compute the information entropy of X. (Reminder: H(X) = -)

解: = \__\_

## (2). Briefly explain the meaning of the information entropy in this example, that is: Give an interpretation of the number you computed in (1).

The information entropy calculated from the probability distribution of a random
variable represents the average number of bits required to encode or transmit a
message. It quantifies the amount of uncertainty or surprise in a message, with
higher entropy indicating greater unpredictability. The entropy value can be
used to optimize data compression and coding schemes.

## (3). Compute the average code length.

解:

## (d). Compute the code efficiency η

解:

## 实验题：

## (1). Briefly explain which software you used?

Audacity to record audio and R-Studio to run the analyzer written by R language.

## (2). Which steps did you undertake to analyze?

To begin, open the terminal on your Debian-based Linux operating system and
enter the command "sudo apt install -y audacity r-base" to install audacity and
r-studio. Wait until the installation process is complete.

Once installed, open Audacity and record a sound at an 8000 Hz sampling rate,
such as hitting a cup. To export the recorded sound data, go to the "Tools" menu
and select "Sample Data Export". Choose the TXT file format and save the file.

Next, use a text editor to open the exported file and edit it as a CSV by
deleting the header and second column. Save the modified CSV file.

Navigate to the folder where the modified CSV file is stored in the terminal and
open R-Studio by running the "R" command. To install the Wavelet package, run
the command "install.packages('WaveletComp')".

Finally, execute the pre-provided script "1_cup_sound_wavelets_v2023-06-03.R"
using the command "source('1_cup_sound_wavelets_v2023-06-03.R')". The script
analyzes the sound data from the modified CSV file, producing the files
"plot_average_wavelet_power.pdf", "plot_signal_series.pdf", and
"plot_wavelet_power.pdf".

## (3). What did you find?

This is time axis, we have a signal (like zzzz sound), that x plus y noise. Z is
the noise input signal to wavelet analysis and Z = X + Y + noise. Then there is
a time axis. The vertical line is value axis. For the heat map, horizonal axis
is time, the vertical axis is ordinate axis, also known as period axis, it is
the period signal, we can see period on it, the color means the power of the
noise.

As we can see in the cup example's heatmap, we can see the same thing. When the
spoon hit the cup, value continues with specific frequencies. According to the R
program, it can be export as a heat map.

## PPT习题整理

## What is telecommunications? What are typical problems?

Telecommunications is a means of transmitting information over a distance using
various technologies. Typical problems include interference, security threats,
bandwidth limitations, and network congestion.

## How can we describe telecommunication systems? Which are the basic components and how do they work and cooperate?

Telecommunication systems consist of devices, software, and infrastructure that
work together to transmit and receive information. Basic components include
transmitters, receivers, antennas, cables, routers, switches, and servers. They
encode information, transmit it via a communication channel, and decode it at
the receiving end.

## How can we analyze telecommunication systems? Which are the basic tools?

Telecommunication systems can be analyzed using tools such as signal analysis,
noise analysis, error analysis, and channel capacity analysis. Signal analysis
measures signal quality, noise analysis assesses unwanted signal impact, error
analysis estimates error probability, and channel capacity analysis determines
maximum data rate.

## How can we design telecommunication networks for a specific purpose?

To design a telecommunication network, one must consider factors such as
required bandwidth, coverage area, data rate, reliability, and cost. The process
involves selecting appropriate techniques, choosing topology, selecting hardware
and software, and testing and optimization.

## 2022年考题整合：

## It is often assumed that an RC circuit is an LTI system.

## (1). What does LTI mean in this context? Explain by describing typical input and output of the system.

In this context, LTI means linear time-invariant. A typical input could be a
sinusoidal signal with varying amplitude and frequency, while the output would
be a scaled version of the input signal that is shifted in time.

## (2). How can such a system in principle, be used for telecommunications? Explain briefly.

An RC circuit can act as a low-pass filter in telecommunications applications by
removing high-frequency noise and distortion from a modulated signal. This
results in improved signal quality and reduced bit errors.

## (3). Why is the Fourier transform useful in this context? Explain briefly.

The Fourier transform can be used to analyze the frequency spectrum of the input
and output signals in an RC circuit, allowing us to determine whether the
circuit is acting as a filter and what frequencies are being attenuated. This
information is essential for designing filters that can improve signal quality
and reduce interference.

**message transmission**

physical information transmission between source and destination,components
specified according to type of source/destination and intended application

**signals**

physical (here: mostly electric) representatives of the message

**interface**

defines interpretation, order and physical characteristics of interchanged
signals and potential circuit interruptions

**protocol**

determines data format, commands and status messages, and time standards for the
signal interchange

**telecommunication network**

enables routing and transmission of messages between network ports, provides
specific services

**message routing**

design and operation of specific services for message transmission between ports
of a telecommunication network

**system security**

security of supply, reliability, user authenticity, data confidentiality,
integrity of information

**Basic mode of operation: transmitter (encoder)**

source coding:transmission-suited (and least-effort) representation of the
message

channel coding:protection from transmission errors

line encoding / modulation:transmission-line-suited physical representation of
data

**Basic mode of operation: communication channel**

A transmission pathway which mediates the propagation of the signal.

The transmission medium can be: physical, logical over a multiplexed medium

Normally, when passing through, the signal gets distorted or interfered with
noise.

Usually described in terms of a physical and/or statistical model.

**Basic mode of operation: receiver (decoder)**

Recovers the message from the signal.

line decoding / demodulation:Extraction of the information-bearing signal from
the modulated carrier signal

channel decoding:inverse channel encoding, error detection or correction

source decoding:inverse source encoding, offers the destination a decoding
scheme

**Mathematical representation: signals**

Information represented by a signal is carried by matter or energy.

Physical signals are modeled as real or complex mathematical functions in time
and/or space domain.

Signals can be:discrete-time or continuous-time ,digital or analog,periodic or
aperiodic,deterministic or stochastic,energy signals or power signals

**Mathematical representation: LTI systems**

Signals are transmitted and processed by physical systems representing the
channel.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mathematically, these systems are modeled as mapping of signals

We will presume an idealizing perspective:linear time-invariant (LTI) systems

Interpreting current and voltage as signals, electrical circuits consisting of a
resistor (R), an inductor (L), and a capacitor (C) are LTI systems.

**Current and voltage as signals in RLC circuits**

Consider an RLC circuit with ideal components connected in series:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Characteristic of electric circuits: interchange between magnetic and electric
field

,periodic signals of current and voltage,LTI system

**Transient function of current in RLC circuits**

Consider the following RLC circuit:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Given a sinusoidal excitation of the voltage source,

uin (t) = ûin · cos(ωt + φ) = 100V · cos(2π · 50Hz · t),

derive the transient function i(t) of current.

**Transient function of current in RLC circuits**

The solution in this example is closely linked to the ”transfer function“
between input x and output y signal in LTI systems.

This “transfer function“ is a frequency based measurement function,the frequency
response function.

It expresses the frequency domain relationship between x and y .

It enables the identification of the resonant frequencies, dampening and mode
shapes of a signal.

Basic mathematical methodology: Fourier analysis.

**periodic rectangular pulse**

The cosine functions establish a system for the approximation of x(t).

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**periodic rectangular pulse**

**![](data:image/png;base64,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)**

**Amplitude spectrum and power spectrum**

interpretation of complex form Fourier coefficients:

c−k (ck ): oscillation amplitude at negative (positive) frequency

squares of c0 , c−k , ck : shares of signal power falling into respective
frequency bins

**amplitude spectrum**: the display of amplitudes as a function of frequency

**power spectrum:** the display of the distribution of power

Both are line spectra with equidistant lines at intervals of f0 (the signal
frequency).

**amplitude spectrum**

amplitudes for given frequencies ±k · f0 (with f0 = 1/T0 )

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

\\

**power spectrum**

**![](data:image/png;base64,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)**

**Output response to a periodic input signal**

Fourier analysis facilitates the study of output signals y responding to
periodic input signals x in LTI systems, namely via decomposition by oscillation
components.

Requisites: harmonic oscillations are eigenfunctions of any LTI system principle
of superposition

Approaches from a physical perspective lead to similar conclusions, e.g., about
the response to periodic voltage and current sources in RLC networks.

The method of Thévenin equivalent circuit provides a setup of oscillation
equivalent voltage sources.The principles of electrical engineering apply to the
derivation

of output response and further characteristics.

an RC circuit and the response to a rectangular pulse

A periodic bitstream is modeled as rectangular voltage pulse.

(e.g., 100001000010000. . . , a clock pulse with T /T0 = 1/5)

Suppose, the transmission path, a two-wire line, can be described by an R/C
voltage divider.

Then, what is the voltage response at the capacitor?

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**信号及其类型**

Information represented by a signal is carried by matter or energy.

Physical signals are modeled as real or complex mathematical functions in time
and/or space domain.

Signals can be: discrete-time or continuous-time; digital or analog; periodic or
aperiodic; deterministic or stochastic; energy signals or power signals.

**Amplitude spectrum, power spectrum 概念**

**amplitude spectrum**: the display of amplitudes as a function of frequency.

**power spectrum**: the display of the distribution of power.

**Measure the system’s frequency response**

Magnitude: a measure of amplitude amplication or dampenin \|H(jω)\| as
particular measure of dampening: db

Phase shift: a measure of delay.

**四种理想的filter举例及意义**

Low pass; high pass; band-pass; band-stop.

举例: Butterworth filter, Chebyshev filter, Cauer filter, etc.

**Impulse 定义**

A very brief input signal of very high energy.

**Time-continuous transmission systems 的四个特征**

**Linearity**: A transmission system is linear if the relationship between the
input

and the output signal is a linear map.

**Time invariance**: A transmission system is time-invariant if for the output
signal y (t)

which is due to the input signal x(t), it holds that y (t − t0 ) is the

output signal due to the input signal x(t − t0 ) for any turn-on

instant t0.

**causality**: A transmission system is causal if the impulse response of the

system uses only the present and past values of the input signal to

determine the output signal.

**BIBO-stability**: BIBO = bounded-input, bounded-output.

**Turn the message into the singal(transmitter的To-do list)**

Source coding: to drive a transmission-suited signal.

Channel coding: to protect the message from transmission errors.

Modulation: to make the singal transmission-line-suited.

**Transmitter两个crucial questions**

How to derive a transmission-suited signal from an analog message: Signal
digitalization.

How to protect it from transmission errors?: Signal processing by digital
filters.

**Baseband signal (lowpass signal):** is a signal that can include frequencies
that are close to zero.

**Signal-to-noise ratio (SNR):**

**Pulse code modulation(PCM):**

Standard form of audio sampling.

The amplitude is sampled at set intervals and stored as a digital value using
the sample’s bit depth.

Specific type: Linear pulse code modulation (LPCM); Quantization levels are
linearly uniform.

**Ascii-Code:** Seven binary digits for the representation of 128 characters,
messages and commands, plus optional parity bit for error detection.

**Transmission timing**:

asynchronous: start-stop-method (e.g. RS-232 interface), only for short
transmission frames.

synchronous: clock pulse generation in the transmitter, which is made available
to the receiver.

**Concepts of digital baseband transmission**:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**Baseband transmission requirements**:

An ideal binary source emits a clock pulse stream of iid (uniformly distributed
independent) binary digits bn ∈ {0, 1}.

The transmitter adjusts the binary signal to the physical channel
characteristics. General requirements:

DC free (to avoid distortion when transmitter/receiver are not coupled); high
spectral efficiency (to achieve high bit rates with limited bandwidth); high
clock frequency (for easy synchronization); less susceptible to interference (to
make detection efficient); suited for less complex ransmitters/receivers (saves
energy and money).

**Transmitter**:

(1) Line coding produces a pattern of voltage (or: current, photons) to
represent the binary signal.

Beforehand, a “scrambler” (a logic circuit) can be used for bijective mapping
into a bitstream which meets the iid requirement.

(2) Pulse shaping:

Each bit is mapped to a rectangular transmission pulse: The resulting baseband
signal is a linear combination of rectangular pulses, weighted and translated
across time.

To minimise intersymbol interference (ISI), a raised cosine filter (similar to
sinc) can be used.

Tolerance ranges are specified by pulse masks (related to pulse height and bit
rate, bit duration respectively).

**Receiver**:

(1) Synchronization:

Recovery of the clock pulse, i.e. of the time slot for the rectangular pulse.

(2) Sampling:

Given ideal synchronization, the received baseband signal y(t) is sampled at the
rectangular pulse’s midpoint.

(3) Detection:

Binary digit 1 (or 0) is attributed to the sample y [n] when passing threshold
value 0.

An optional “descrambler” reverses the transmitter’s “scrambling” if necessary.

The eye pattern provided by an oscilloscope display can be used for the
evaluation of the combined effects of channel noise, dispersion and intersymbol
interference.

**Carrier modulation (and demodulation)**

In many cases (e.g. radio frequency channels) only a certain passband of
frequencies is admissable for signal transmission.

How can we then transmit a message signal whose frequency spectrum does not fall
within that admissable range?

We can alter properties of a transmittable signal according to the message
signal we wish to send.

This process is called carrier modulation.

The transmittable signal is our carrier signal, a waveform (usually sinusoidal)
which is modulated by the message signal.

Carrier-modulated transmission (passband transmission) allows communication over
a bandpass filtered channel.

At the receiver, the message signal is extracted from the modulated carrier by
demodulation.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The carrier signal usually has a much higher frequency than the message signal.

This is because it is impractical to transmit signals with low frequencies.

Another purpose of carrier modulation: to transmit multiple carrier waves at a
time through a single shared communication medium, using frequency division
multiplexing (FDM).

**Carrier modulation (and demodulation)的Examples**

Analog bandpass modulation: the analog carrier is modulated by an analog signal:

amplitude modulation (AM); frequency modulation (FM); phase modulation (PM)

Digital bandpass modulation: the analog carrier is modulated by a digital
signal:

amplitude-shift keying (ASK);frequency-shift keying (FSK); quadrature amplitude
modulation (QAM)

**Devices for FM demodulation**

Conventional FM receiver (“modulation converter”)

(1) Amplitude fluctuation clipping and bandpass filtering of the modulated
signal.

(2) A differentiator differentiates the modulated signal to retrieve the
instantaneous angular frequency in terms of amplitudes.

(3) Envelope detector.

FM receiver with phase-locked loop

Sets up a reference signal to compare its phase with that of the modulated
signal in a synchronization process:

(1) Phase discriminator and loop filter to produce a smoothed phase difference
signal.

(2) Voltage-controlled oscillator (VCO) (adapted to the carrier’s angular
frequency) to tune the reference voltage in to the modulated signal’s
instantaneous frequency.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)

1.  Encode the sampled signal, using the 3-bit encoding quantizer Q1 shown
    below. Draw the enco-ded signal as a step function.

2.  Fill in the code column in the plot above, writing each number (labeled no.
    in the plot) as a binary number (e.g., 4=100).

**竖着写： no：7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0**

**Code：111 110 101 100 011 010 001 000**

c) Write the entire code stream of the sampled and quantized signal, using
binary number representations.

**Bit stream 100 110 100 111 000 011**

d) What does it mean when we say that quantizing a signal creates noise? Give an
example from(a) above. (You may show this in the plot.)

**Quantizing with this quantizer creates noise. We see this at epochs t=0 and
t=2.in both cases, the original signal(×(0),×(2)) is equal (a very close) to 0,
while the quantized value is further away from 0. [quantitative equivalent to
use a limited subject is 8 quantitative values to represent the actual sampling
value, the value of each sampling point and quantitative values, there is a
difference between between quantization error, the source of the error is in
fact quite so when the sampling value falls on quantization step curve
corresponding to the quantization interval, his whole sampling values are in the
range with the same quantitative value Therefore, it is bound to have errors.]**

e) Now think of using 4-bit encoding instead of 3- bit encoding. What are the
advantages, what are the disadvantages?

**Using 4-bit encoding instead of 3-bit encoding:—advantage：errors will become
smaller, less noise will he created, better SNR（improved ca 6dB）**

**—disadvantage：longer bit sequence required to represent the signal（4 bits
instead of 3 bits for each sampled point） The advantage of using four-bit
binary encoding is that there are 2\^4=16 quantization partitions in total,
which is twice as many as the three-bit binary (2\^3=8). Each quantization
interval is 1/2 of the previous one, and the corresponding quantization error is
also smaller. However, the coding bits of each sampling value are more than one
bit, and the transmission amount during communication increases to 4/3 of the
original, and the pressure on communication transmission increases.**

2\. Assume a message source X, generating a discrete-time integer signal which
can values ranging from -100 through +100.

1.  Determine the minimum number of bits necessary for loss less encoding of
    this signal’s domain (=range=supports).

**The alphabet of X has 201 symbols. Therefore:log2(201)=7.651 [bit] So, at
least an 8-bit encoding is needed.**

1.  Determine and interpret the efficiency of your encoding in(a) if all value
    in the signal’s domain are equally probable.

**Information entropy, H(X)=log2(201)=7.651 Average code length, 8[hit]→code
efficiency: η=7.651/8=0.956=95.6%**

**Interpretation it is close to 100%, but not equal to 100%. This is because
8-bit encoding provides for an alphabet of length 256, while we need only 201
symbols.**

1.  Now assume that value 0 has probability 0.5, while all others values are
    equally probably. Determine the distribution. Determine the redundancy
    generated by X.

**Distribution of X:**

**Value -100 ……… -1 0 +1 ……… +100**

**Probability 1/400 ……… 1/400 0.5 1/400 ……… 1/400**

**Hmax = log2(201)=7.651[bit]**

**H(x)= -0.5log2(0.5)-log2(1/400)=-0.5[log2(0.5)+log2(1/400)] =4.822**

![](data:image/png;base64,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)**Redundancy=Hmax-H(X)=7.651-4.822=2.829**

3\. ![2021-05-07 20:04:58.111000](data:image/png;base64,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)

(1) Given is an RC circuit. (2)The circuit is excited with a DTMF signal, e.g."
1"(697/1209Hz) This is defines the input, Uin(t)

(3) What does the signal look like? What is its Fourier transform? 2
frequencies；each of them：**sin(2∏ft), 2∏f=w. f1=697—x1(t)=sin(2∏f1t).
f2=1209—x2(t)=sin(2∏f2t)**

**Xt=x(t)=Uin(t)=x1(t)+x2(t)**

(4)How does the system(the RC circuit) react to this input(lowpass filter)

**H(jw)=1/1+jwT=1/1+j2∏f T，T=R•C**

**f1=697—y(jw1)=H(jw1)X(jw1). f2=1207—y(jw2)=H(jw2)X(jw2)**

(5) We'll now see two scenanes. **S1: T=1/2•∏•697.(large) For x1: ∏=2∏•697•T=1.
For x2:∏=2∏•1209•T=1.78  S2: T=1/2•∏•1209.(small) For x1: ∏=2∏•697•T=0.58. For
x2:∏=2∏•1209•T=1**

(6) T large—system is sluggish; T small-precise,quick. so,t=RC the less the
better

4.Given are the numbers Z1=1+j, Z2=1-j. Here, j is imaginary unit.

a) Compute Z3=Z1+z2, z4=z1-z2, z5=z1\*z2

**z3=z1+z2=2, z4=z1-z2=2j,  z5=z1\*z2=2**

b) compute z3=z1+z2;z4=z1-z2;z5=z1·z 2**如图**

c) **arctanZ1=arctan(b/a)=arctan(1)=45度+k派arctanZ2=arctan(-1)=-45度+k派;**

**arctanZ3=arctan(0/2)=0+k派; arctanZ4=arctan(2j/0)=派/2+k派 （k属于z)**

3\. Given is a rectangular pulse as follows:

x(t)= 1 for -0.5≤t≤+0.5， 0 otherwise

a) Sketch x(t)

b) Compute the Fourier transform of x(t).

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAALoAAACcCAYAAADI+7HaAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAAEnQAABJ0Ad5mH3gAACJZSURBVHhe7d0J2HZD/QdwibKXLSJLQqRSlqwhabFvl6UkSiJLlrJkjchOCCVk37Nv0YLsCiWF7EvZd9o7/+szV9/nOj3va7kf9/vcx998r+t3zz7zOzPfM/ecOTNzxmsqxgn+85//NP/85z+bv//9782//vWv5t///nfz17/+tXnxxReLPSKecPG4//a3v5V4zIS143P/4x//KHk/99xzzeOPPz6UNlIxJirRxxEQEamRMUQEJnfbD3HF45YGyduQVwifGyBwUzz44IMlj5deeqm4K8ZEJfo4AuIhZUiKgPyQFGFDWsQmwvmJ+8Mf/rDZfPPNy82Qf4bI008/3ayyyirNJZdcUtI8++yzJR9x5S+PijFRiT6OgHQhNoIiYkiPmBmCRLjFPfzww5tddtmlOffcc4duBOEXXXRRc9BBBxVyn3DCCc3222/fnHrqqaUXl46//CvGjkr0cQTERW5ERMD01kibnj43AEHoU045pdl6662bn/zkJ0NxQ/Q999yzWWaZZQqphR166KHNDjvs0Fx44YXFnX+M2qOPHZXo4wjpZZ966qlCxHvvvbe5+eabm7vuumuol//Tn/7UXH/99c21117bXHHFFc1iiy3W/OIXvyhhSMu84447mltuuaUMZRZeeOHm97//ffP888+XG2DvvfduPvnJT5Z4Gb4oq2JMVKKPI6Tn1sMi4EorrdRMOumkzVprrVXI+OijjzarrrpqM9VUUzXveMc7mllnnbXcBEjrBkHmxx57rJlnnnmaiSeeuJlgggma8ccfv5l++umHbpZ99923WXLJJUsZ0smXf8WYqETvEYg0XMaGkC8EvOmmm5pf/vKXZQy++OKLl975yCOPLD35Xnvt1cw000zNH//4x3JTuEkMeV544YXS4y+xxBLNOuus0/z85z9vfvrTnxZ/QPgjjjiiWXHFFZu77767DlteAZXoPeK1Ep0/gmcIQhDxzDPPbN75znc2u+22W3PnnXeW8HPOOed/evT2TSKf1VZbrTx8yk9vj+j+Lcill15a/hFuu+22oZukYkxUoveINsEjYwOyImYIGwIj+swzz1yGLvFHdH4PP/zwUJ7iIi1B9O22224oD8OazLL4l5h88smb3/3ud8UP2SvGRCV6j2gTnLwckJwkHsJyI/oss8zS/OUvfxmKc/bZZzczzDBDefHDHZJ7iUQQfdttty3DmYTLE9ENZ4zzf/Ob35Q0r6TTmxmV6D0ixI28HIQhJTK245911lnNHHPMUWZhzJwIv+CCC5o555yzjLMTH5kj7R49ZNdzuwnOO++8oaELootTMSYq0ccRkDHEM9RgHn300c3GG2/cnHTSSc16663X3HjjjSUesr7nPe9pHnjggTLuTs9satJDqDnz3XffvfTq8kkc9ssuu6zM5piCRH75VYyJSvQ+ot1zI1wE0Y866qjm29/+dnPaaaeV+fP3vve9zbrrrluIeuuttxYi77TTTmV2xlgbjOMNc1ZfffXytvTEE08seXsYRfSrrrqqpJGv8b2yhFeMiUr0PqFNcqK3Jcinp915550LyRH0kUceKSQ3JNG7G8Lcf//9ZZx++umnl/iGLFYmfuUrXylz8Mccc8xQT2/4wn7ggQc2Sy21VCG+cjJ2rxgTleh9QpvkISMCp1fXS1uAZVzN7SZA1thNLc4777zNySefXOIJe+aZZ4ZuGGTmn/zdBPvtt1+z9tprD43lc2NVjIlK9D6hTXIS8iEekiJ9emp+iGqsHaIL+/Of/1zenHrjKY+kFR4iSyPMWH+bbbYpb0/FS3nCKsZEJXqPCKGQy9ibCcx77rmnWWONNZorr7yyEBsQL0TWy4eoeaCUTpi85Gvdy6677lrG3dyJk3I9oH71q18tw5bf/va3JW9xhCkz4/uK/0Uleo8I4QjiIikiPvTQQ+WV/iSTTNJsueWWZQGXOEiIfExxScifnlpYiC7MA6oxObcbIvGUI94+++xTZlm4pSW5eeRfMSYq0XtECEeQC4mRDzmXX375sgBrrrnmKqQ3phbeHn5Ix46Qbb/cMCGrMOJmasdrxyXCYifiVYyJSvQegWQZIiAWYt53333NwQcfXObC3/a2t5VX8np104aI54ZILy69NPFri57ZDqLcGMPjyUucNqnb/vmHqRgTleg9IsRCKNOEyHjxxRc3O+64Y7P++uuXlzfG0IhuHO1hMYREXhLiIqZ/gzahERjRzbgog5+bKnGEm1+XllveuelSTsWYqEQfAZA1MykI5nX+NddcU+bAZ5xxxvJy6Gc/+1lZYhtCikf0vNIhpXy4mW2SciO5+LEnDlN6+UobP2bFy6MSfQRArBAt5OX2gOilj43LTzzxRBmjC2+Tktkes6dXzo2A1OIAf2kTV7ienT1klz55iCdOxZioRO8RISRiIV0ITCyVnWKKKcp2OCQMSY27EVgcaaUhISYzEgKnDO6UIdwwhelmYUdy4eJHn4oxUYneIxCPpCdNb4p0V199dZletGG5Pe4mbYKLzw/cANIG/KVtl5G0uVncCNzCkD7/HIlfMSYq0XtEetYQjSAgcloq++53v7usERcuXpvwyMgv7uRHAiSWRp7ILizpEtcDbP4tuGMqk1SMiUr0EQBJEStkRTRiz+fUU09diN4mYeIl3StBfMQOcZMm5ZHcRG0/Ih2pGBOV6D3i8ssvbw477LAhsVMI4RDMvLn9oGZcKuG6hUr0HuEslQUWWKAcQ+H4CetakFoPa9ZFj+5htBK9W6hEHyHMsEw22WRlF74xNWIj+pRTTlmOsKjoFirRe4Rhis3MK6+8cnlJZOrQw6F15k7RmmaaaQrRjZkruoNK9B5hiGLvp+FLZlTMkCD7r3/963KSlnF8Hbp0C5XoPQKBLaGdf/75S28eQpsLt5a8Er2bqETvETYhH3LIIeUYOPa8xEF0u/qnnXbaOnTpICrRe8TXv/71ZoMNNijERvC82DFGR3Q9OqILq+gOKtF7xGabbVbOZLHWRK+N0F7gIHvG6KYca4/eLXSO6IhjfMsMkUKahHH3WzxkEnbl5M1jykVmvbdNydadt1/tC0d0Y3RLABCdX8JHU5QbvaHtn2HW8DhvBnSa6CSvu4mGChn7LfJWVspMWexZf2KxlqPhHNUsXubPxXnyySfLgZ+OlrO4S/jYyhnXotx2RxHh1x5ukTcTOkn0NBITmYgeM4uchPUbiBCChPSIbojiodPpWgsuuGCzxx57lB0+4pp1EcfUouPknF2+yCKLlA0X8hkUlJ2bNm76ppNIXb6Z0Dmi63Xay1BfTvoNJAgRIiG/Y+KcWOurE5bhbrrppsU/BwyxuyEMXeaee+6y8WKQRELs9N7AHl3b1/dmQueIHnIhenpzdn4aR+Nlh04/IV9lucmUk5tNuQ4bcuKtL8Odf/755aEzemUzM9Mal/nmm68MXaQbFJTtRqNfevPYXRepQ5cBI2NjjaJxCD+NxV8D6qHSk/ZLlCFfBFY2e7tcJn/26MUPyaUxRncjWOx13XXXDRFsUBL9UpduXnbXlfp7M6FzREeaEExjpYHYnYTlRFlrTZwz3k+xsdkh/b4+we0TiMrhZo5NxIvdtz+dBODICwcMtfMeTaE30z8Pib/rcH3R13DszYTOER2xkRzh9d4Zrvi7dfLshBNO2Ew33XSFUP0Wn1fx0SwbnE0TOtqZcL+ciMc0f25BF6Efv7GVMa7FKQRkttlma2afffah64npenw4YMMNN/xvjb850DmiI3X+amMiPDFONgY2jef0WZ9C6ZfIzxcnHC3Hffvtt5eDicy48BsuZlmk8S/jyGcrF4877riin16V//AyRkPoRZ8//OEPQ9fkOugs3OYQR1b7bumbCZ3s0Q1V2mNIQxlDF3+/eikNqdcXt1+SMvNvosw8uPEXJ2NeupDEZzrMyFBhoYUWKmP0fuvXi9AnByDRg66uiT/TAUsbbbTRf2v3zYHODl00CrtenZupp/T3bPvauEDKQwwmoiBGSBtdQnR+QFc6+UTLoosuWmZlEjYI0NEDJxPo51qYrgHRfWDgzYROEr0taRz2cU3014oQnk4QovvH8fHbQRM9dRcdmKlDeleidwDtRiJvBKKz08lshk+tVKJ3D5XoI8DLEZ1+Sy+9dCV6B1GJPgLQJToBu8+ynHHGGc2nPvWp8nHbhA0Cyo7EXYneMbQbiXSV6MPFNOQpp5zSfPazny0vY/gNCm294q5E7xjajUS6RvToFSAO/cxTe2vrqxeOvWjHGW1Ex+jArETvGNqNRLpGdLqQgH7IY27/2GOPLcdg+IgWfQeFdv3FXYneMbQbibyRiO50AB/JrUTvHirRe8RwontxhDxeszvvxefMneJF30GhXX9xV6J3DO1GIl0kOrIQOjGRHdGPP/74ZrnlliufXhQ2KKTuogOzEr1jaDcS6RrRIeSmE1gm4DtGVld+7GMfG/hWunb9xV2J3jG0G4l0keht/cC6EqsdDz300KJfPgQwKAzXj1mJ3jG0G4m8EYhOR5unDzjggPINI5ukK9G7hUr0HkGXNmmip/Xn+++/fzPRRBMN/EMA0YnEXYneMbQbiXSV6CQzLnSzwWHfffctX462MWSQaNdf3JXoHUO7kUgXhy5Ap2wIYTd02XPPPSvRO4pK9BFibER3uFElejdRid4j6NImTez2Z+61116V6B1FJXqPGK4fod+dd945NHS57LLLCqEGhbZucVeidwztRiJdJXrAjjy+Mbrrrrs2b3/728sHvOr0YrdQid4j6EKC6OZ4ie23376ZeOKJ6/RiB1GJ3iMq0d+YqETvEdEriPu2225rtt122zJ0sQSgfTOMNqJT9GRWoncM7UYibxSiO6nrm9/8ZnkYrUTvHirRR4DhOhJHvX3jG98oZ0M6PprfoNDWK+5K9I6h3Uik60QH+tlssdVWWxWim0dP2CAwXD9mJXrH0G4k8kYhuu1zW2yxRSV6R1GJPgK09QP62fnvG6Qh+iAxXD9mJXrH0G4k8kYhuu1zjmKuRO8mKtF7BD2iT4TboUWbbLJJfRjtKCrRewRdSIA43I6hQx7Ti5Xo3UMleo+oRH9johK9R7wc0Z2g++Uvf7kOXTqKSvQe8XJEv/HGG5v111+/fHS3Ti92D5XoPSJ6BSH+DTfc0Hzxi18cIvogER2jJ7MSvWNoNxLpGtGhrV+I7gNdX/jCFyrRO4pK9BGgrV+b6Ouss04lekdRiT4CDNeRftdee23zuc99rhK9o6hEHwGG64g811xzTSV6h1GJ3iOG60eQ5+qrr27WXHPNuqiro6hE7xHD9SNw5ZVXNiussELZSofodB4UhuvGrETvGNqNRLpM9OgFiO77RZXo3UQl+ghAFzq1iX7FFVc0yy67bNkzWonePVSijwB0GRvRfXoxJ3XFfxBQdiTuSvSOod1I5I1C9Msvv7z59Kc/XR9GO4pK9BGALmMjuq9GZ3ox/oOAsiNxV6J3DO1GIl0lOsIQdrBicemll27e+ta3FqIPEqm76MasRO8Y2o1E3ghEJ85yWWqppSrRO4pK9BGALmMj+pJLLlmJ3lFUovcIetAnRI9uzlv8+Mc/XoheN168Mtr6DBf+pN+oRO8RaYjoF7sv0fnGqIdRRB8XjfVaEd1I3NGzC0Sny7PPPlu+GEKfmPR74YUXmhdffPG/MfuHSvQeQZc2iaMboi+44IKV6K+C6OL8eN9nRXJt7KPEjz/+eCE6HfuNSvQeEb2CuC+55JJm/vnnHxq6VKKPHfTQpnRBdgQP2fXyiD4uPqJQid4jhusXufjii5v55puvGX/88esY/RUQohO6hOzs5Kqrriobzdn7iUr0EWC4juSiiy5qPvKRjxSi11mXl0d0MWzRtnEj+0svvVTW9Dvaj7ufqEQfAYbrSC688MJm3nnnrUR/FUQXeqRXj65k3XXXLcdvs/cTlegjwHAd6XfBBRc0H/zgByvRXwVt3bQtcRLxyiuvXGSWWWZp5pxzzvKZnH6iEn0EoAudohfz/PPPb+aZZ55K9FdBdDE217YeRH3Rz9dCpppqqmaVVVZpvvWtbzWHHXbYf1P0B5XoIwBd6BS9mIg+99xzV6K/CqKDMXoeRM2bP/3006UnP/744wv5hfcTleg9gh4heVvOO++8Zq655hoiuniDQuouOkRn5qCJ3gZCIzvdzKHPMccczY9//OPiF937hUr0HhFiRz/E4T7nnHOa2WabrRK9B5hl0XPT65lnnilEP+GEE4qO2r2fqETvESF60Cb6rLPO2rzlLW+pRH8FaE8vhfTmhD7Me+65p/nQhz7UnHLKKUVX/v1EJXqPoAsJQvSzzz67zBiE6INEu/7iTh0OmujK15MbniC4Mfodd9zR7L777s3OO+/cfPe73x0nn6+sRO8RdIk+JEQ/66yzmplnnrkS/VUQHYhhi97dW+XpppuuOfnkk5tNN920Ofjgg4u+/UQleo8Yrh/dCN1mnHHGSvRXgfLNspA8dNqGOOmkkzYTTTRRGbpoc719P1GJ3iOG6xein3nmmc0MM8xQif4qiC7EEIZ4EPWdVi+OnnrqqaKjdu8nKtFHgLZ+aTREn3766SvRXwPokV6bSaeQO/VJ+olK9BFguI70O+OMM8o4sxL9lREdQvCQmrvd1tG9X6hEHwHo0m4Q9tNOO62ZdtppK9FfBfRIm9LFOJ1Uor+BiD7NNNNUor8GtPUx8/L8888Xe4Yy7KSfGE/mMm3fUePiFexrhXLNreaNWf7e2EP0Bx98sPgNAvRQdlsv9pNOOqmZfPLJO7fWRZumPQn7RhttVMjeT8hbPTDjHt5GqbfokjjxS31GegHOhL/yS565/vH88MzkPbfAdoGjKcqmCz0o7amcXnT0Usbbx4cffriEDULoyKSfm5GudDvxxBPLAaO20pkuG35doylt/dK+/FK3G264YenRx5b29Ui7fpQZ4vGD+DP7KfJ/7rnnyvW28w936FF69CjFk5s9yo+2KJs+7FHWBdBNj47oevRxUWGvRRAndUQnws+qOweM6tGzZ3T4tY2GpC1D9NRndCaIvsEGG4w1/UjF9co79uiRdmrH66fI33XanG6XlylKQyFh5uqFufbxECkKqhxuAdyDQruy2Cn75JNPNsccc0x5KXPzzTeX1W7mXEdbHnnkkfKM8MQTT5SlpUxu66cnmWSSZrzxxhsnr7BfK7Slm69NKu2p0fmp0/To/YR8cUfPqq2I+kkdEX7qMP79EPnef//9zeabb96stNJKzTbbbNNcdtllzZ133lneuqoLeo0X5qsgSiKQCiGDQirNiwR63XfffWU4YNeJKbzDDz+8rHIbhHjV78HzBz/4QXP66acXu6WlyDPZZJMNndQ1qPob3kEgedxEG/vwb7+JrlzEcpDTj370o+boo48u/8C2GKq3o446qgzvvG/w9rOfYunAqaeeWojuDasNHJ/4xCea66+/fuimH8/pUs4MXGKJJcqxx8stt1w5cWqQQhfmYostVo55czCQjccWTRke2Jv5gQ98oHn/+98/6mJzhXXns88+ezHJRz/60eJGcj36hz/84TGuaRCy+OKLF2n7OfF3pplmKi+32v79EDzyUeEtt9yyiAden43fbLPNits6Fg/CzH7JJpts0my88cZlKLbooos273rXuwrZp5xyyubcc88t/yJGKuPtvffezX777dfsv//+zfe+973mkEMOKfZBygEHHFAk9n333bdI9LToJ3FGW+gQPWLy18AWde22225D/oMS5e+zzz6lzsYWTug8Nv/XI/jjX84iLYJo6dWNoZn87K/tp9j04uSARRZZpFl44YXLDebabdHzD1bG6H4w3l8Pc/j4brRlbGUbvkRP4dz8B4Ho1NbDEMHwxbkuepD4D0IMU5RPYldvGb4YEqYex5b+9YgyItztMtr+40IMjZwe4Aa/8cYbC4/55/rHo0ykrUzsoy1Rjj06tfWJXdggofw2gcy6GNboQfgnbLRFh5DOirBn9iF+ZGxpX4+4XmUNfyZIGH+Stu2XyI/ccMMNzd13312uE0eUyYwOQy+MmAkUkEijLakMdno4pkwvlAvLhQgfJKKvxqWvF0aeHcwC0DPhg5TcbOxM7thHS0dtFRlb+OsV+boWvMl1aY+UqX1ImXVJgtgj/UQqXRmp5PhBdEgcYM8YK/EzR5pwFxW4IdwIyROkSZzhZcpn+A3ezo+7nVcb8iLCpfXk74HZ9Fn0GyRSn8zh7shoYFyXNzx/Zvs62cmorXUJaSIIReIO2dJDRlFE5C8Ou3BxSdyJwyTt/NplZLF/pK1DO17ySh78ss+RG6IfAUQ3+2JuN3EquoNRXdQV0hAkCimRjJ2ZXjlhIRJ3xpnSJk78Q0qS8KRPGv8O7bKVJ37+3oRx82/nyTSnnziQfAkguodR8eJX0R2MGtHbxIjkzVXIlbE4M2NzYeIiXt7uEeQLUZOGG4HFC2kTLowZf3nE37iaLuxE3ikjN0TKJcOvB7y4WGCBBYre8avoDkZ16BLihUghHBOZ2u5I258d4dPbIqExu140pEVYZJMG+UmGN+KKJ6/cTOz8xBEev5RH4pZGuRA/AojuQwD+NeJX0R2Mao+ObJdeemmz2mqrlde1q6++enmBgDyIpifOOBrBvPp3jLC4DqBkrrjiiiX9mmuuWV4pI5a0CJrelxmis+emYNLDzYDU/JA8N4l8pBFHODe78IzRc6MMh1fQXlZIN7bwisFi1IiOeN6Ofec732l22GGHIlYiHnjggf9DtPTW3Lfffnsz9dRTN2ussUZZ57LjjjuWdA6h3GmnncpNI4283SCIKJ30/JKP/OOHyMjIFJY0zk7cY489yjqN9k0iLZM7JB8bka158WbODfFycSoGh1Ej+jXXXFPIidgZa1v/sOeee5alldwhY8jqBYDtaXp9NwD/kDA3BHeAiLlZ5CeMX0T6TFdyMxHzyiuvbLbaaquy1serfK+vzZ7kRmj37KRdZuDVt7U58hNeid4tjBrRkeCggw4qRCMh4RZbbNF8/vOfL3bkQl5EdTPcddddZSWa9QwIlN4yRJIGGdnjn3y5hRFukhsjcRH43nvvLWNrr5CV6Ya0OCuvkaVJ/vRCfGmDhCG6hU10VFY7TsXgMWpEX2ihhcqCMQRAnhAiROcf0iaORTm2zlkM1CYpAobMEQSUXpzEi0mEGbLEjxuprTS0ftwDrTyuuOKKZuKJJy5r3sVVbsjOPZzEyb8SvdvoC9GRJiRr2zU48iACEujR9Yr8DT8QyEKcddZZp5BXmhBHHGfyWXZp2a44Pvux1lprNWuvvXb5oJN40ihDfOWGZMkr+omTeML4WTdus4ShU/wMYyaccMLmpptuGsqffwgcv+RP+FulZ+jjoTjxBgW6+XfabrvtSl3pSHbdddeik2sRDtGdaVOLB3/1LA1R18QQU0eQuiBJm7pg7zJeF9FdbCoPaV1sW+IvjnXRlnGG0KmwrbfeujREm+hJ+9hjjzXbbrttqWg7R3wV4Utf+lLZ4GD98dVXX13ShMTStCs+7tjlnXBDE88H8rVDRThd06NbJNTOMw+jkDxz/ez2sy6//PJDhBgkbDW0TNUDvPpdZpllyoyQ62m3U+yu0dpun6YRn9ixY+kru4M/DTd1UtppeJ2kPrqMvhCdqFw9JKIQdrMmCTd0OfTQQ0ulhHTEQ6CeJJXOj52IqydNxfJDSlOMZmP0Uvw1oB4s+abxxG+XlXyEeyj2L8OexpMPvaeYYorm2muvLWUnLHqJnzySLzuir7DCCkPz8IPCQw89VKZdP/OZz5T6p6tdUaZjzXrlnYNrTefiumyOsPMoN3euXThxTeq4nSZtk3roMvpGdFvLHBLZlq997WtD4SG6iszDKH+9tCGJilOJIVK7glXmcGKZU3fUsHQaT5w0gHzE405aZnolPZHNCXbEJE8izFYwO1TyrUt5SSfcG1SNLd/oE7vz0emUuIOCf007behggZlrZbetzJkz/snUReqL7swQPfWUOK4/w03x5KWOky8RJm6X8bqJngqw19RY99Zbby3C/sADDwzFsSXu+9//fqmkVLIww5I8jIqnYlUicVOIk16GnYhjy98uu+xS0pDEky5EV1bCCLtyiB02hlOJR/SEXkbRP/mQ5BG9oyu/2E2Beqk16BdGbaLTC2n1vCG6Z5BcU67bNZgUMCx0jalr8ZBceK5VfPUcP+7URZfxuomeCx6bPW6mowi87DnyyCOH4hgj65VtfBZHBe61116lwm2Atrve2PGWW24plakB+Bk/vu997ytp0ygJV/HMuIm8o6+G42foghDt+GaFjGXFC9GTjyEJM7q3r43YzrXqqquWHp//oOBfU6dCV/Xpel2HoRiiM7lDUCb99eg+rbLeeuuVjdPagF3n5EYRR35EOm7XmvSDvObXgr4QPaIC+BH2VEgqAmkNYRwNQcy4GDeq+Iz/ll566WaCCSYo43YPo+Ig5RFHHDG0n9VDkk2xyKWiQ9aUw0xDEo0jb2EaDYnlqSzxhHvL6saxFUs8cZI33fJ3LixlMHON3qxa0iBd4gwC6tWQjL6uOfUSohuS5QZIvbk+O/UNNW00dqKBfZc2ktiYLiw3B3HNTP9e0nMzu4zXTfRcaCSN3PZLZduIbYVfRKWrQI2SddwqWpipMW4Vahyv951//vmbZZddtgyT9LAaSN75e01ZJA1CF+TLbIi4GsiOIDM3Zld+9atflRvHTIX44iUf8dvPALm+2JXBbq7fUgVlJWwQ0KMbkhmfpw7onhdh6py/6yL0FDcPltrD9QrzHOOUAy/U1LfrktaNElMaJukyXhfRe4EKScUHKpPf2BASqWDkYRc3FZ44bUJpLI3kBuCv0aRTjnTSJz4/5PTvQY477rjiL+/cGNKDPLilD4kjwvgZmplzHjTR22N0+qt3OjnUx9mQ7fcDdI+e6gzhXWdbd88tvv+ZdhCvTWp1nnrqMvpGdJWmUlUSYSdBKrddicL5ESRSgSF/8gmRxOWffNvxuDWACucfokvLjySf9ELELIrng+uuu6559NFHi5+4KY9EP+lij25t/dpEj98ggOgWl6kbetCHtHv0XIc4ObVA3NRv6pTbsMUXsdPBiKcuMm7nTj11GX0jei46BOB+tYtPXCJtKps5HO382dM4cScdSWO184W2O+lC4IRJGySPxE2cpI+/ss1Zm682LEr4IGC2yxDMUMwyZ9fnLEgvfjzjuKHphvge6k0pWlNk9aV/tXZdWnrswCPLJKTjl3Adgg6FX26KLmPUhi7/X6Ch20QHZEJwzxl6OuGDxFVXXVV6b58ztFjN8mNTsQgZsRzZqWdOFvOgagmAm4GJ8EzLos2+WBbd7vkjGc5Vov8/RohONLqGznDKzTAoKNvwxHDDOTNMb5DpRtcM7+yIEkZM3xqaOJtG722Mzzz22GPL9eTmRehcG7dJBOGphy6jEn2E0LAaPY08XAYF/y4IaFhhelavy2+4fkib8XsIzERqvbd/qNy4SJ2pxFxb8pFOHNJlVKKPAGlgDR+StBESDALRKz1wHs7zsJ7w9OyEH0FWbuGJz+5GcQMkX3HycOo6+ZMuoxK9R4QURKOTuEPwQRIdQkbkQ15EJewIKowdkdPbM+MfN3tumNiJsPbsUswuoxK9R6SxQ+aQvO03SNClTVp6ISo/dkMZYW2dEV4PLk6uSVjSDie/cG5hhLvrqETvESFAG23StGUQQMQ2kbkNO/Tk7CEm/WKaLUL0+KWnl55pfC5ML56bIWEhfrfRNP8HGKDh1O3QffAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

c) Determine the first positive zero of the Fourier Transform, that is, the
smallest w＞0 with X(jw)=0 **ω=2∏**

d) Sketch the amplitude spectrum of x(t)

**![](data:image/png;base64,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)**

4\. It is often assumed that an RLC circuit is an LTI system.

a) What does LTI mean in this context? Explain by describing typical input and
output of the system. **Is the outgoing signal number of system, then the input
is the outgoing signal number when the and signal number Uin (t)= U1 (t)+ U2
(t). i (t)= i1 (t)+ i2 (t), where i1 (t) and i2 (t) are U1 (t) and U2 (t)
operating on the system respectively. The output of the system; In addition,
when the input Uin (t) is delayed for some time and becomes Uin (t-t0) acting on
the system alone.The output of the system will be similarly delayed to i
(t-t0).**

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

b) The system is excitated with a sinusoidal voltage wave. What does this imply
for the current in this system? **RLC series circuit is a harmonic circuit. When
the damping coefficient α=R/2L\< ω0 =1/ √LC, the circuit is in the state of
undamped or underdamped. Under the excitation of sinusoidal voltage, the current
in the system will present two frequency components, one is the same as the
input sinusoidal signal frequency, the other is the same as the resonance
frequency of the circuit. When the damping coefficient α=R/2L≥ω0=1/ √LC, the
circuit is in the state of transient damping or overdamping, and the system only
has the same response as the input sinusoidal signal frequency under the
excitation of sinusoidal voltage.**

c) Is it possible to see an output (current) frequency which is not contained in
the input (voltage) signal? Discuss briefly and give reasons for your answer.

**Perhaps, when the damping coefficient α=R/2L\< ω0 =1/ √LC, the circuit is in
the undamped or underresistance Ni-state, even if there is no component of
frequencyω0=1/ √LC in the system excitation signal, the current in the system is
still The same component occurs at the circuit resonant frequency ω0=1/√LC .**

5\. What is Amplitude Modulation? For what purpose is it needed? Please give
examples. You may support your answer with a plot.

**Amplitude modulation, also known as medium wave, ranges from 530 to 1600 kHz.
Amplitude modulation is an electrical signal in which the sound level is changed
into amplitude.**

**The purpose is for transmission, low frequency signal transmission distance is
close, in order to transmit far, you have to improve the signal frequency, and
amplitude modulation is to carry out spectrum shift, from low frequency to high
frequency, to facilitate long-distance transmission.**

**AM technology is much simpler than FM and digital broadcasting technology.An
AM broadcast receiver only needs to detect changes in the voltage amplitude of a
particular frequency signal, an action called detection, and then amplify the
voltage changes to drive the speaker.**
